Fix link to entry for GOV.UK Notify (#2510)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/govuk-notify.html.md

**[👉 Sign in to the GOV.UK Notify dashboard](https://www.notifications.service.gov.uk/sign-in)**

You can either use your own credentials (if you have them) or you can use the

> credentials in [govuk-secrets] (https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-secrets/blob/master/pass/2ndline/govuk-notify/2nd-line-support.gpg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
credentials in [govuk-secrets][] (found in the `govuk-notify/2nd-line-support`
entry).
```

Ah, I think I know why it wasn't working. It was interpreting the part in brackets as the URL for `govuk-secrets`. I think instead if we just change it to `[govuk-secrets][]` that should work now.
